[music]
Hi guys, in this tutorial I'm going to
create PCG forest like this
realistic PCG grass trees
and adjust parameters from this and add
a dynamic
system like this.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
Okay, create a new project.
Select third person template create.
Okay, now let's go here to the edit.
After that, go to plug in source for
PCG.
Enable this plugin. Pro content
generation framework. Hit restart.
Okay. After restarting,
let's go right here.
Let's create new level. Select empty
level.
Go here. Environment light. Make sure to
set up the lighting.
After that, close this. Now, you want to
create our landscape.
Let's go here. Landscape
create new landscape or import from
file. I want to import it from existing
existing uh height map port from file.
How to get this height map? You have to
go here to this website
mont.
You can get any height maps in the
world. Any map if you want. Now I am in
the United States. Okay, I want to
choose this pill.
Okay, let's choose this.
After this, select this one. PNG 16 by
choose the output pixel width and
height. You can get it from here.
The scaling of this output default size.
We can choose anywhere anyone what we
want. Okay, we can choose this one.
Generate height map.
After generating this head map, you can
get this file from this. It's like this.
Now let's return here to the engine.
Press this three button. Import it.
Change the speed of the camera.
And let's see what's happening right
here.
Okay, this is my height map.
It looks huge and great.
Okay, let's go right here in any place
to create our PCG forest. Let's go here
in this place.
First of all, let's save the level. Save
all
PCG
LV.
After saving this, let's go to the basic
and set the player start right here. And
let's test it. Okay, it looks fine for
now.
Uh, save all.
Now let's go here to the content
and let's go to the PCG
create PCC graph create empty PCC graph
new PCC graph name this one PCG forest
hit enter
okay now First we have to get the data
from this landscape. We have to use this
note get landscape data.
After getting landscape uh data
from this
now let's add this one surface
simpler not
okay what does Okay, this node
this node is uh
the simple way to use it's at the first
have to add this PCG
this is the surface when the PCG
components adds here the points other
things let's see
after that
set this one density filter
transform point. This
okay let's see
when I get here and press the debug
button. Okay. And when I select this
one, we have point per square meter 01
per square meter point extent 50 50/50
noness
seeds and other things
and other things.
When I press debug, I have those points
right here.
Let's change right here. When I select
this change then the density of this.
Okay, let's see the changes.
Okay, debug.
Okay,
now let's go here to the transform
points
and S mean offset and height offset mean
offset will create
1.5
0.8 eight
world pipe files and the final one we
base
same thing.
Okay, for the rotation I want to set
absolute rotation for the scaling
and make the same thing.
Okay, let's make this one
disable the debug.
After that, we have to add our trees
static mission spawner.
Select this and let's go here to m
entries and we want to choose three m
entries and just here for static
we have to add those such me in those
place. How to get this?
Let's add our factory. First of all,
let's go here to Fab Marketplace
and search for three spluse
set price for free.
Add to my project.
Okay, the downloading is begin. Yeah,
>> let's take some time to complete
downloading
for glass
or filters price for free.
He's
not.
>> Okay. After that,
>> search for D
ground.
Okay, after downloading this, let's add
this for the ground.
Before we close this, we have to go here
and let's go here to content plus forest
new messes.
Welcome filter here. Take this one.
Start mesh.
Choose three mess. First one right here.
this one
and the third uh one.
Okay, I think it's good.
Okay, there is a problem is there is a
lot of trees.
Okay, let's change the density.
Let's see how it works.
This is how the density affect the
landscape.
>> Okay, I think
now it's fine.
Now let's retrolite here.
Except
>> on
select the landscape and let's add the
dirt material for the landscape.
Select this content fab sur
and material
and drag this material right here.
Now after adding this we have to go here
and choose mesh
select all using Ctrl A or Ctrl Q
and go here
enable the night for all dooms.
Okay, fine. The night is enabled.
Now let's return here
the PC graph
and from this let's copy it.
Copy.
Let's add grass surface simpler.
Okay. Then see
change the entries of the mesh
static
>> F300s.
That's what we're right here.
Mega scans plant this.
Okay, let's just first one here.
Second one right here.
And final one right here.
Change the surface. Simply write this.
Okay. Point4 square meter. Let's set it
one per uh 10 sorry per square meter and
let's see the difference.
>> Okay.
This 10 pro meter. Let's change it.
>> Okay. 100 square meter.
You can play with the variables.
Point extend 100.
>> Uh, not 100. 55.
>> It's a lot of grass.
>> It seems it
certain for the density filter. Change
this filter.
Okay, that I think it's good.
>> Okay, now it's there is another problem
of the sking.
Okay, I think it's fine. Uh, let's
scaling.
>> Let's go here. Transform point
in offset.
Let's set default value
and let's see what is the difference.
Okay.
Okay, I think it's fine. Okay, thank you
guys for watching this all for this
tutorial. See you later on the next
tutorial.
[music]